Cloud connector deployment guides (#3355)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/cloud/get-started-with-cspm-for-azure.md

:::

7. For **Deployment options**, select **Agentless**.

> 8. Next, you’ll need to authenticate to Azure. Two methods are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Next, you’ll need to authenticate to Azure. The following methods are available:
```

:::

7. For **Deployment options**, select **Agentless**.
8. Next, you’ll need to authenticate to Azure. Two methods are available:
    
    * {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.2` {applies_to}`serverless: preview` Option 1: Cloud Connector (recommended). 
      * To use a pre-existing Cloud Connector for this deployment, select it under **Existing connection**. 

>       * To use a new Cloud Connector: under **New connection**, expand the **Steps to create Managed User Identity in Azure** section. Complete the instructions to generate a `Client ID` and `Tenant ID`, then enter them in Kibana.

Author: @smriti0321 I also added `Cloud Connector ID` here, just like in the Azure Asset Discovery doc. Just wanted to confirm that's accurate.
